README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Lekshana Priya</h1>

<p align="center">
  <img src="your-photo-link-here" width="180" style="border-radius:50%;" />
</p>

<h3 align="center">Data Science | Machine Learning | Analytics Engineering</h3>

<p align="center">
🚀 Building data-driven systems that transform complex data into measurable business impact.
</p>

---

## 🎓 Education
**M.Sc. in Artificial Intelligence and Data Science**

---

## 💼 Career Focus
Open to entry-level roles in:
- Data Science  
- Machine Learning Engineering  
- AI Engineering  
- Data Analyst / Business Analyst  

Focused on scalable ML systems, performance optimization, and real-world deployment.

---

## 🛠 Technical Stack

<p align="center">
  <b>Skills & Tools</b><br><br>

  <!-- Programming Languages -->
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-00758F?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white" />
  <!-- Data Analysis -->
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-D02F2F?style=for-the-badge&logo=matplotlib&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Seaborn-4B8BBE?style=for-the-badge&logo=seaborn&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Plotly-3F4F75?style=for-the-badge&logo=plotly&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Feature%20Engineering-FF7F50?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/EDA-00BFFF?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white" />
  <!-- Machine Learning / AI -->
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Scikit--learn-F7931E?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=for-the-badge&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=for-the-badge&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Classification-00CED1?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Computer%20Vision-FFD700?style=for-the-badge&logo=opencv&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NLP-8A2BE2?style=for-the-badge&logo=transformers&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Text%20Preprocessing-20B2AA?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TF--IDF-FF1493?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/BoW-FF4500?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NER-DAA520?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NLTK-4B0082?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/spaCy-FF6347?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white" />
  <!-- Frameworks -->
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Streamlit-FF4B4B?style=for-the-badge&logo=streamlit&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-009688?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gradio-FF7F50?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Hugging%20Face-FF9900?style=for-the-badge&logo=huggingface&logoColor=white" />
  <!-- Tools & IDEs -->
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git- F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PyCharm-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=pycharm&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Colab-F9AB00?style=for-the-badge&logo=googlecolab&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Power%20BI-F2C80F?style=for-the-badge&logo=power-bi&logoColor=white" />

</p>

---

# 🚀 Featured Projects

---

## 🌾 Crop Yield Prediction
TensorFlow-based regression system predicting optimal crop selection using soil and climate features with interactive Gradio deployment.


## 📈 Apple Equity Forecast Engine
Stacked LSTM time-series forecasting model predicting AAPL closing prices with multi-step forecasting and Streamlit deployment.


## 🌿 Smart Farming Hub – Plant Disease Detection
Transfer learning–based CNN model for plant disease classification from leaf images deployed via Gradio.


## 📊 Blinkit Store Performance Analytics
Power BI dashboard analyzing revenue, profitability, assets, liabilities, and stock-level financial performance.


## 🛒 Blinkit Retail Sales Dashboard
Interactive Power BI dashboard evaluating sales trends, outlet performance, product distribution, and customer ratings.


## 🎮 League of Legends Esports Analytics
3NF MySQL analytics warehouse with ETL pipelines, analytical views, and stored procedures for champion, team, and match performance analysis.


## 🏢 Employee Payroll & HR Analytics Database
Normalized MySQL HR analytics system integrating multi-table ETL and advanced SQL queries for payroll, workforce, and leave analysis.

---

# 🌐 Let's Connect

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/lekshana-priya-bb61b1349">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"/>
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:lekshanapriya@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white"/>
  </a>
</p>

Commit message:

3
Updated education and career focus sections to consolidate information and enhance clarity.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Lekshana Priya</h1>

<p align="center">
  <img src="your-photo-link-here" width="180" style="border-radius:50%;" />
</p>

<h3 align="center">Data Science | Machine Learning | Analytics Engineering</h3>

<p align="center">
🚀 Building data-driven systems that transform complex data into measurable business impact.
</p>

---

🎓 M.Sc. in Artificial Intelligence and Data Science. 
💼 Open to entry-level roles in Data Science, AI Engineer, Machine Learning Engineer, Data Analyst, Business Analyst. 
🧠 Strong foundation in Python, SQL, feature engineering, model evaluation, and building end-to-end ML pipelines. Familiar with Power BI for business analytics. 
🌱 Currently advancing in MLOps, LLM applications, RAG systems and production-grade ML deployment. 
📈 Focused on experimentation, performance optimization, and scalable model development.

---

## 🛠 Technical Stack

<p align="center">
  <b>Skills & Tools</b><br><br>

  <!-- Programming Languages -->
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-00758F?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white" />
  <!-- Data Analysis -->
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-D02F2F?style=for-the-badge&logo=matplotlib&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Seaborn-4B8BBE?style=for-the-badge&logo=seaborn&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Plotly-3F4F75?style=for-the-badge&logo=plotly&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Feature%20Engineering-FF7F50?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/EDA-00BFFF?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white" />
  <!-- Machine Learning / AI -->
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Scikit--learn-F7931E?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=for-the-badge&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=for-the-badge&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Classification-00CED1?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Computer%20Vision-FFD700?style=for-the-badge&logo=opencv&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NLP-8A2BE2?style=for-the-badge&logo=transformers&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Text%20Preprocessing-20B2AA?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TF--IDF-FF1493?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/BoW-FF4500?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NER-DAA520?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NLTK-4B0082?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/spaCy-FF6347?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white" />
  <!-- Frameworks -->
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Streamlit-FF4B4B?style=for-the-badge&logo=streamlit&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-009688?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gradio-FF7F50?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Hugging%20Face-FF9900?style=for-the-badge&logo=huggingface&logoColor=white" />
  <!-- Tools & IDEs -->
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git- F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PyCharm-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=pycharm&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Colab-F9AB00?style=for-the-badge&logo=googlecolab&logoColor=white" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Power%20BI-F2C80F?style=for-the-badge&logo=power-bi&logoColor=white" />

</p>

---

# 🚀 Featured Projects

---

## 🌾 Crop Yield Prediction
TensorFlow-based regression system predicting optimal crop selection using soil and climate features with interactive Gradio deployment.


## 📈 Apple Equity Forecast Engine
Stacked LSTM time-series forecasting model predicting AAPL closing prices with multi-step forecasting and Streamlit deployment.

## 🌿 Smart Farming Hub – Plant Disease Detection
Transfer learning–based CNN model for plant disease classification from leaf images deployed via Gradio.

## 📊 Blinkit Store Performance Analytics
Power BI dashboard analyzing revenue, profitability, assets, liabilities, and stock-level financial performance.

## 🛒 Blinkit Retail Sales Dashboard
Interactive Power BI dashboard evaluating sales trends, outlet performance, product distribution, and customer ratings.

## 🎮 League of Legends Esports Analytics
3NF MySQL analytics warehouse with ETL pipelines, analytical views, and stored procedures for champion, team, and match performance analysis.

## 🏢 Employee Payroll & HR Analytics Database
Normalized MySQL HR analytics system integrating multi-table ETL and advanced SQL queries for payroll, workforce, and leave analysis.

---

# 🌐 Let's Connect

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/lekshana-priya-bb61b1349">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"/>
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:lekshanapriya@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/lekshanapriya2003" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.icons8.com/ios-glyphs/30/000000/github.png"/> 
  </a>
</p>
